README for CS40 HW7: Profiling 


Georgia Power(gpower02) and Brooke Thompson (bthomp05)

TA Help: Tim

Routine that takes the most time in final UM: 
    Our main directly contains all code and only calls functions to open and 
    close files, read and write characters, and free heap allocated memory. 
    Allocating is the most expensive routine in our program for the map segment 
    functionality. 

Improvement of assembly code for midmark:
    About 10 percent of time in our program is spent on callocing for new
    segments. There isn't any way we can improve this because we do not 
    calloc in a nested loop within the machine cycle and therefore do not do 
    unnecessary calculation. Initially, we only calloc enough space to hold 
    the same number of segments as words in the original loaded program.
    Looking at the assembly for the map functionality, the only loops are for 
    reallocating memory in the case that the array holding mapped segments 
    or mapped segment lengths has been filled. Removing this loop would 
    improve the assembly, but would cause us to have to allocate excessive 
    memory at the beginning of the program and may result in a segfault if 
    the user loads a program larger than our program has allocated for.

    About 8 percent of time in our program is spent freeing. However, only 0.08 
    percent of the time is spent deallocating memory outside of the unmap 
    segment functionality. 
    Looking at the assembly for the unmap functionality, the only loop is for 
    reallocating memory in the case that the array holding the IDs of unmapped 
    segments has been filled. Similaryly to the map functionality, 
    if we removed this reallocation check, we would have to initally calloc
    excessive memory to run the provided benchmarks and may encounter a 
    segfault if the user loaded a program larger than our program has allocated
    for. 

    Therefore, we have concluded that there is no obvious way to improve our 
    assembly. 


Analyzing problems: 3 hours

Preparing solution: 20 hours