README

Names:
    
    Brooke Thompson (bthomp05)
    Richard Geoghegan (rgeogh01)

Architecture:

    Uses a 2D array to hold values from a ppm. 40image.c will call a fucntion 
    in compress40 to compress or decompress the image depending on the user 
    input. Then the image will be read using read_print.c and trimmed to 
    have even height and width. 
    
    To compress an image, in rgb_cv_conversion.c the function will read in the 
    RGB values of a pixel into a struct at each index of a 2D array. Then each 
    RGB value will be converted into component-video representations and put 
    back into a 2D array of structs. In pack_unpack.c, those component-video 
    values will be converted into segments of bits that represent parts of a 
    word. These parts of a word will then be bitpacked into a 64 bit word 
    using functions from bitpack.c. Each 64 bit words will then be stored in a 
    2D array and printed back out as a compressed image using read_print.c. 

    To decompress an image, using pack_unpack.c the 64 bit word is unpacked 
    into separate segments of bits stored at index of a 2D array in a struct 
    using function from bitpack.c. In pack_unpack.c, the segments of bits are 
    then converted into component-video values. The coponent-video values are 
    changhed back into red, blue and green values in rgb_cv_conversion. and 
    stored in a converted 2D array of structs. The decompressed file is then 
    printed out as a ppm using Pnm_ppmwrite in compress40.c.

    Then the program will EXIT_SUCCESS in 40image.c and the user can use the 
    ppmdiff.c to see how different the original file vs the compressed and 
    decompressed files are.
    
Acknowledgements:
    
    TAs- Tim

    Stack Overflow
    Used other people’s questions and answers to help apply them to our own 
    questions and solve similar problems in our code.

    Given bin files
    Used cat on given files to help understand functions
    we are given and can use.

Implemented Successfully:

    We believe that all of files, programs, and functions are implemented 
    correctly and should function as expected.

Hours Spent Analyzing the problem: 
    
    15

Hours Spent solving the problem after: 
    
    10

Descriptions of the image-compression and bit-packing problems:

        Image-compression:
            Our image compression uses a 2D array of structs to hold values 
            that are then converted into component-video values and restoreed 
            using an apply function at each index. The cv values are changed 
            into segments of bits at each index using an apply function. 
            The segments of bits are bitpacked and then stored into a 2D array. 

        bit-packing problem:
            The bitpacking functions take in a segment of bits and their width 
            and then will know how many to shift over given the lsb and width 
            of the new segment of bits.

        